splash text? like minecraft??
splash text? like fnffddx??
Hold on. Weed lord boner
Rizzzzzzzzzzzzz friday night funkin?
what if instead of friday night funkin it was getting freaky on a no frreaky night freakWhat was i saying?? getting freaky on a friday night funkin
what if instead of gray zone warfare it was called Gay zone warfare
ok now tweet that and im gonna say retweet no like
you cant compare a body builder to God thats not fair
Do you shit Gold??
did you see that one guy?
oh no! it is the lua rocket launcher. compile regarding that individual.
relax, i’ll parse it, i am the compiler.
the scripter and the commenter, they code calmy from their visual studio code with a sense of purpose!
they are playing at their live share, the help is soaring!
and i am a lemon. if. lemons tasted green.
you can not rizz us
are you sick? you sohuld just DIE
ar eyou in denail
this is makign me drool help
i just remembered.     nopr. nevermind i forgot sorry
nows not the time for no hootenanny now
whats the word for like walking but youre a hourse...
they got the mr. steal yo wheels
*in tears* you’re a genius
they leaked the vsc live share comments
i’ve set myself up for success, but success kinda blows
shit is Not coming :boot:
White_Boy130 is yankin my schlong rn
honestly i cannot pronounce febuar- feb-
why did you walk in here saying skibidi?? i Heard you mumble skibidi
look at this graph
skibidible yurp turd
this is me listening to your flibber jabber
flibidy jibidy flibidibi ibjivjxvgbhnm
out of my Mouth?
Ugh! Get me out of these fucking pants
I'LL MAKE
YOU SAY
HOW PROUD
YOU ARE OF ME
SO STAY
AWAKE
JUST
LONG
ENOUGH TO SEE
MY WAY
MORDECAI AND RIGBY! GET YOUR LAZY FUCKING ASSES OFF OF FLASH CS6 RIGHT NOW OR YOU’RE FUCKING FIRED
hooh! im seeing double right now!
i just remembered i have responsibilitUgh .ugh. ugh. ugh. Ugh. ugh. It’s just so hard because IUgh. Like im thinkUgh. this is so fucking DumbUgh
pants enabled
spooky dookie
this knucklehead dont know what he talking about
this is- my hellhole is, what? idk
SHE KEEPS PLAYING THIS SONG OVER AND OVER SHE LITERALLY CANNOT STOP PLAYING THIS SONG I SWEAR
(looking at image of james bond while singing pink pather music)
bathroom leak
isnt it crazy that the earth just decides sometimes to just let a fat one rip out
butt sauce
knife guy
I’m so ducks
do you want some green juice
im mickey mouse i am vesanial
my Untold is Suffering
my Suffering will be What?
this is my Last Day
why is it not in hypothetical order
Did this guy just hit the brown note!